frank till now morning with an eye
now
no me away dark and dead
Roman
kolossal figure foreign real name was
at positive moscato have now that
whatever is a pupil in chapters stuff
from a grenade
and thus prepares word following patrol
when mile and tom is the goal and toma
death
but are you sure we are climbing the
enemy keeps to emotion then
from a grenade
here is good
I bought them locked
no
full so far
and how I don't pay to walk along the way
I don't pay bad foreign
well this is noticed and 9 shoots
in the maneuver judged to be in progress
the spectator
not me
has done
just the grenade the lighthouse carried
emotion then the grenade
the attention of the enemy on their way
one less with the pile nature
conmigo eliminate
famous alpha
insured banderas maintain the
position and lose to show poor I hold
saved